---
layout: post
title: What's the deal with this site?
date: 2020-03-14 11:43 -0600
comments: true
---

Hello! So this is my third attempt at starting a
*mainly technical* blog, I hope this is the one that I keep.
I thought that maybe a good idea would be 
to start this blog with a brief post of what I'm trying to accomplish
here.

I always liked the idea of having my personal website where I can
showcase the different personal project I attempt, also I like writing
and hopefully, by writing on this website, I will get better at it. I
chose [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) as my framework, mainly because
it's free, simple to maintain and I can host the resulting site
for free on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

I'm not gonna lie, the first time I tried to create a website
with Jekyll was not as smooth as I expected, mainly because
I'm not familiar with Ruby's ecosystem (Which I hope to be 
soon because learning Ruby is one of my New Year's Resolutions).

After my first failed attempt to get a Jekyll workflow I feel 
comfortable maintaining, I found [Octopress](http://octopress.org/),
which was basically Jekyll wrapped with a lot of fancy stuff, like
simplified deployment using Rake. The resulting site looked nice,
however, I did not really liked the way the website was deployed.

Finally, I found [Poole](https://getpoole.com/), which is just 
Jekyll all set up and running, just fork and run, and that was 
the one I ended up using for this website. Just push to `master` and that's
it. That's definitely something I can get behind.

Okay, back to the original topic I was trying to address: What I want this
site to be. As you might already noticed after 3 paragraphs on how I
built this site, I like writing about software development. Think of
this website as a place where I'll be writing about the technologies
I like, the projects I attempt and the things I'm going to learn (I'm
looking at you Ruby!). Not only writing helps me remember stuff,
I also hope that one day my technical writeups are useful to someone. I
can't count how many times a personal tech blog helped me 
get out of a problem I was stuck on.

So that's it! That's my blog, hopefully I keep it updated and learn 
more while maintaining it.

{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>

/**
*  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
*  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables*/
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
s.src = 'https://andresworld.disqus.com/embed.js';
s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
(d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
                            
{% endif %}
